# Orangutan tiger

[https://youtube.com/shorts/cb2O_YJ2MNE?si=_nV_x4FqONvfy6dr](https://youtube.com/shorts/cb2O_YJ2MNE?si=_nV_x4FqONvfy6dr)

Human attack on jungle. The tiger family holds the Jungle territory having 5 members d,m,bb,lb,kb. They maintained the Jungle parameters. Tigress was good and frind of young female orangutan. Suddenly humans attack the Jungle territory causing keyos in the jungle so tiger family try to definte the territory while they command other Jungle animals to retreat and navigate to another part of the Jungle which was unaccessible by humans and the tiger family would be trying to hold the human attack to hold the till the territory border lines in this attempt the d and m gets killed. And the bb and lb gets injured why is supporting the defence. before everybody retreats tigress give the kb to the young or female who she trusted. And told her to raise him like a king and his father. The young orangutan female takes the kb and move to the Deeper part of the Jungle .A tiger was raised by an orangutan female. On the borderline the humans retreat as the defence of tiger family was great more but it was the tiger family shattered. The 2 tiger bro left gravely injured that would take time to heal. They were  taken by the vultures. As vultures think very smart about having a long term plan to keep tiger under their veil and get the non stop supply of food. vultures embraced and feed Thought of revenge with humans if they ever do this again. And they heal there. Meanwhile here the kb get grows to the elder and the jungle community loves as the orangutan kept her promise with tigress. Till that the vultures did not get food as the expected in unlimited supplier as the human didn't persist the attack again. So now vultures discover and try to target jungle population. So they start to divert be tiger Bros thinking to the Jungle community by feeding them this thought that they didn't support your defence in front of humans if they had the d and m would be alive. So the fire of revenge move towards jungle community and especially of bb. And they also get kind of since that territory is ours to reclaim. So they try to plan and attack to create chaos and get control of it. But when they reach and saw by sneek picking. What they get is the the another tiger(kb) is ruling and is accepted by the jungle territory. They get certain questions in their mind that we thought he would be dead in the attack, if he was alive why would he didn't try to find us.

So for now they retreat and plan to how to get brother on there side by making kb believe that he is not what he could be and is controlled by orangutan mother to sort of making him disbelief of the thought raised by her orangutan mother to be good king and as tigress wanted. As in the elders said Revenge never produces a positive outcome.

But as they wear execute their plan to take control the humans attack again and with much  much larger force to penetrate Deeper to through the jungle. But now this time Jungle remains prepared and the kb uses his wisdom and keeping his beliefs strong he reunites the bros making them realise this is what they was raised for to defend The Jungle community and the territory at any cost. And they all fought along side. And wins back the whole jungle territory